c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\API.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\API.pdb
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.pdb
C:\Users\Bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\WebPage\Partials\main.html
C:\Users\Bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\WebPage\Vendor\angular.min.js
C:\Users\Bryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\API\API\bin\WebPage\Vendor\ui-bootstrap-tpls-1.3.2.min.js
